[docs] add sentry instructions for eas update (#26266)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-sentry.mdx

## Usage with EAS Update

### Tag Configuration
Configure Sentry to tag your scope with information about your update. This will allow you to see which errors are happening on which updates in the Sentry dashboard.

Do this in the global scope, as early as possible in your application's lifecycle.
  

> ```js
> import * as Updates from "expo-updates";
> 
> Sentry.init({
>   // dsn, release, dist, etc...
> });
> 
> Sentry.configureScope((scope) => {
>   scope.setTag("expo-update-group-id", Updates.manifest?.metadata?.updateGroup);
>   scope.setTag("expo-update-id", Updates.updateId);
>   // This will be `true` if the update is the one embedded in the build, and not one downloaded from the updates server.
>   scope.setTag("expo-is-embedded-update", Updates.isEmbeddedLaunch);
>   scope.setTag(
>     "expo-update-debug-url",
>     Updates.isEmbeddedLaunch
>       ? "not applicable for embedded updates"
>       : `https://expo.dev/accounts/${Updates.manifest?.extra?.expoClient?.owner}/projects/${Updates.manifest?.extra?.expoClient?.slug}/updates/${Updates.manifest?.metadata?.updateGroup}`
>   );
> });
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
import * as Updates from "expo-updates";

const { metadata, extra } = Updates.manifest;

Sentry.init({
  // dsn, release, dist, etc...
});

Sentry.configureScope((scope) => {
  scope.setTag("expo-update-group-id", metadata?.updateGroup);
  scope.setTag("expo-update-id", Updates.updateId);
  // This will be `true` if the update is the one embedded in the build, and not one downloaded from the updates server.
  scope.setTag("expo-is-embedded-update", Updates.isEmbeddedLaunch);
  scope.setTag(
    "expo-update-debug-url",
    Updates.isEmbeddedLaunch
      ? "not applicable for embedded updates"
      : `https://expo.dev/accounts/${extra?.expoClient?.owner}/projects/${extra?.expoClient?.slug}/updates/${metadata?.updateGroup}`
  );
});
```
```

WDYT about using destructing assignment to shorten the debug URL, for the overall example readability?

Author: Looks good, thank you!

Once configured, information about the associated update will show up in an error's tag section:

<Diagram
  source="/static/images/guides/sentry-tags.png"
  alt="Sentry update tags"
  disableSrcSet
/>

### Upload Source Maps

> After you run `eas update`, you will need to upload the source maps to Sentry. You will need to install the `jq` binary with package managers like apt-get or brew to run the following commands:
> 
> ```sh
> # Add debug_id field to the source maps in the dist folder
> find dist -type f -name '*.map' -exec sh -c 'jq ".debug_id = .debugId" "{}" > "{}.tmp" && mv "{}.tmp" "{}"' \;
> 
> # Upload the source maps
> SENTRY_PROJECT=[your-project] SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN=[your-token] node_modules/@sentry/cli/bin/sentry-cli sourcemaps upload --debug-id-reference dist/_expo/static/js/ios/*
> SENTRY_PROJECT=[your-project] SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN=[your-token] node_modules/@sentry/cli/bin/sentry-cli sourcemaps upload --debug-id-reference dist/_expo/static/js/android/*
> ```

Author: If we are able to land https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/3491 , we can amend this to run the upload script

```suggestion
After you run `eas update`, you will need to upload the source maps to Sentry:

```sh
SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN=[super-secret-token] node node_modules/@sentry/react-native/scripts/expo-upload-sourcemaps.js dist
```
```

## Usage with EAS Update

> ### Tag Configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Tag configuration
```

Do this in the global scope, as early as possible in your application's lifecycle.
  
```js
import * as Updates from "expo-updates";

const { metadata, extra } = Updates.manifest;

Sentry.init({
  // dsn, release, dist, etc...
});

Sentry.configureScope((scope) => {
  scope.setTag("expo-update-group-id", metadata?.updateGroup);
  scope.setTag("expo-update-id", Updates.updateId);
  // This will be `true` if the update is the one embedded in the build, and not one downloaded from the updates server.
  scope.setTag("expo-is-embedded-update", Updates.isEmbeddedLaunch);
  scope.setTag(
    "expo-update-debug-url",
    Updates.isEmbeddedLaunch
      ? "not applicable for embedded updates"
      : `https://expo.dev/accounts/${extra?.expoClient?.owner}/projects/${extra?.expoClient?.slug}/updates/${metadata?.updateGroup}`
  );
});

Once configured, information about the associated update will show up in an error's tag section:

<Diagram
  source="/static/images/guides/sentry-tags.png"
  alt="Sentry update tags"
  disableSrcSet
/>

### Upload Source Maps

> After you run `eas update`, you will need to upload the source maps to Sentry. You will need to install the `jq` binary with package managers like apt-get or brew to run the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After running `eas update`, you need to upload the source maps to Sentry. Install `jq` binary with your preferred package manager such as `apt-get` or `brew` and run the following:
```
